INTERVIEW QUESTION:-

1. Semantic tags

	article - independent, self-contained content.

	aside - Some content aside from the content it is placed in  a sidebar.

	details - Create an interactive widget that the user can open and close on demand.

	figure - Element to mark up a illustractions,diagram, photos, code listings in a docment

	figcaption - Element to define a caption for the photo

	footer - Defines a footer for a docment or section

	header - Specifies a header for a document or section

	main - Specifies the main content of a document.

  	mark - Defines text that should be marked or highlighted.

	nav - Defines navigation links

	section - Defines a section in a document.

	summary -  Defines a visible heading for a <details> element

	time - Defines a date/time 

2. Iframe

	Inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML 	document.

3. Z index 

	 Specifies the stack order of one element over another element

4. Canvas tag

	Is used to draw graphics, on the fly, via scripting

5. Hosting

	A variable can be declared after it has been used.

6. let,var,const difference

	*let is block scoped, cannot reaasign a valur on same variable with let.
	*var is not block scoped, it can be accessed even out of the block and can be assigned 	with a new valuer to the variable.
	*cosnt is used on datas which does change and remains the same until the end of the 	program.

7. Position
	
	*Fixed
		An element with position: fixed; is positioned relative to the viewport, which 		means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled. The top, 		right,bottom, and left properties are used to position the element.

	*static
		HTML elements are positioned static by default.

	*sticky
		An element with position: sticky; is positioned based on the user's scroll 			position.
	*absolute 
		An element with position: absolute; is positioned relative to the nearest 			positioned ancestor (instead of positioned relative to the viewport, like fixed).
	*relative
		An element with position: relative; is positioned relative to its normal position.

